USWDS-Site: HTML-proofer and snyk fixes (#3068)
uswds/uswds-site: _components/link/guidance/additional-information.md

> - [OMB M-23-22: Delivering a Digital-First Public Experience](https://bidenwhitehouse.archives.gov/omb/management/ofcio/delivering-a-digital-first-public-experience/)

Author: ```suggestion
- OMB M-23-22: Delivering a Digital-First Public Experience, retrieved from `https://www.whitehouse.gov/omb/management/ofcio/delivering-a-digital-first-public-experience/`. [This link is no longer active. [Archived copy of OMB M-23-22](https://bidenwhitehouse.archives.gov/omb/management/ofcio/delivering-a-digital-first-public-experience/)]
```

Reviewer: This is one I would just leave link to archive without explanation as we do for the link below it.

> - OMB M-23-22: Delivering a Digital-First Public Experience, retrieved from `https://www.whitehouse.gov/omb/management/ofcio/delivering-a-digital-first-public-experience/`. [This link is no longer active. [Archived copy of OMB M-23-22](https://bidenwhitehouse.archives.gov/omb/management/ofcio/delivering-a-digital-first-public-experience/)]

Reviewer 2: **issue (non-blocking)**: Can we improve the display of this?

**Current display**
![capture -Arc-2025-01-22@2x](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2a98c8ca-d316-4cf6-81c1-3759b5333e3d)

**Suggested**
```suggestion
- OMB M-23-22: Delivering a Digital-First Public Experience, original link is no longer active retrieved from [Archived copy of OMB M-23-22](https://bidenwhitehouse.archives.gov/omb/management/ofcio/delivering-a-digital-first-public-experience/)]
```

Author: FYI - we modeled the content structure here after the existing example on the [Pronouns page](https://designsystem.digital.gov/patterns/create-a-user-profile/pronouns/#references):

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/79f5ffb1-2363-4693-9685-00534402ae68)

Deferring to @finekatie @annepetersen @thisisdano here.

Reviewer: Recommend following current format (as Amy mentioned) for now in order to get links updated. Recommend we revisit archived link text format next week once this is complete; perhaps run a report to determine how many of these archived links have the text comment, and then determine best language for existing links and proceed with future link updates.

Reviewer 2: @amyleadem thanks for that note. No need to defer. Let's follow that pattern and update our guidance.
